Replace controller with control node (#352)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/guide_rax.rst

.. note:: Dynamic inventory scripts (like ``rax.py``) are saved in ``/usr/share/ansible/inventory`` if Ansible has been installed globally.  If installed to a virtualenv, the inventory scripts are installed to ``$VIRTUALENV/share/inventory``.

> .. note:: Users of :ref:`ansible_platform` will note that dynamic inventory is natively supported by the control node in the platform, and all you have to do is associate a group with your Rackspace Cloud credentials, and it will easily synchronize without going through these steps::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Users of :ref:`ansible_platform` will note that dynamic inventory is natively supported by the controller in the platform, and all you have to do is associate a group with your Rackspace Cloud credentials, and it will easily synchronize without going through these steps::
```

Reviewer: Another place where it's actually talking about the Ansible Controller product.
